Update view-transitions.mdx (#5633)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/view-transitions.mdx

> The `<ViewTransitions />` router also supports navigation triggered by form submissions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<ViewTransitions />` router also animates navigations triggered by form submissions. 
```
You are right, the block below seems redundant to me as well. Its presence may also give the impression that there is something users will have to do make it work. I tried rewording this line hoping to make it clear that not only is it supported, it will work by default.

</form>
```

:::tip
By default your page will reload after the `POST` request is sent, if you are using Javascript to prevent this with `event.preventDefault()` you will also want to opt out of router transitions for this form. 

> :::

Reviewer: What's the alternative? What happens when `event.preventDefault()` is used without opting out?

Author: ViewTransitions *transitions* to the default (either sends post or get) which if user is not set up for that seems like it just refreshes the page

Module scripts are only ever executed once because the browser keeps track of which modules are already loaded. For these scripts, you do not need to worry about re-execution.

:::tip
Because module scripts that add event listeners for `DOMContentLoaded` only execute once, you will also need to add listeners for a [Lifecycle event](#lifecycle-events).
:::

See the [Update Scripts Tutorial](/en/tutorials/add-view-transitions/#update-scripts) for more information.

> 

Reviewer: This is an important caveat to communicate and deserves more elaboration. I think `Full site view transitions (SPA mode)` would be the appropriate place to explain the architecture that ultimately makes this necessary.
